So, in just 20 minutes, I was able to
transform my AI Automation Society
website from this to this where now, as
I start to scroll, we go on this
journey. We go through this scene where
we have these different cards that pop
up, and you can see they're kind of 3D.
They're interactive. And as we keep
scrolling, we're going more through the
journey. We've got this next slide. We
keep going here. We've got this one.
Everything you need to master a
automation. And you can see that this is
a much more interactive and polished
feel than the way that it used to be.
We've got the final call to action to
join the movement. And you can see we've
kind of went through the journey of like
an evolution of technology, which I just
think was super super cool. And what
you'll notice is I was able to take the
brand feel and the vibe and the colors
and all of the copy and I was able to
just move it over really easily. So it
has all the same important information,
but it's just a much more interactive
feel. And then 20 minutes later, I was
able to do the exact same thing with my
personal website. Here you can see it's
got sort of like dark vibes. It's got a
bunch of statistics. It's got different
things that I'm up to. And I just kind
of transformed it to be a little bit
more dynamic. You can see it's me
sitting on some floating island in the
middle of space and I'm working on a
computer, but as we scroll down, we have
the same elements. We have the same
copy. We have the same feel, but now it
just has a lot more depth and it just
feels a lot more polished. So, what I'm
going to show you guys today is how we
set up websites like this using Claw
Design. We can have different elements.
We can have different feels, and
everything is designed in a way that is
just way more engaging and professional.
And I've been trying a lot of different
things here. Here you can see I've
already eaten through my design quota
and I've already spent over $200 in
extra usage just playing around with the
stuff. So, not only am I going to show
you guys the tips and the tricks that
I've learned, but I'm also going to go
over some important stuff like how do
you actually not drain your limit faster
and how do you get the most out of what
you're doing here. I don't want to waste
any time today. Let's just go ahead and
get straight into the video. All right,
so I'm about to show you guys everything
you need to do step by step to take an
idea from your brain onto an actual
website and deploy it so that other
people can actually view it and access
it. Okay, so let's say you want to
transform a website. All you would
really want to do is if this has some
sort of codebase in GitHub or cloud code
or wherever this actually lives, you can
basically just grab that GitHub repo or
you can grab the folder with all the
contents and just give it to cloud
design. So that's kind of like the first
method. The other method is what if you
just have an idea and what if you just
need to build a website from scratch.
Well, let me show you what I'm doing
here inside of actual cloud chat in
order to give us an example to build
together today. So I said I want to
build a website using claw design and
I'm looking for some inspiration on the
type of website that I should build.
What is the product or service that
we're offering and what should the hero
section and actual copy be like? Help me
basically build a brand and I you know
give me the spec for this. So it came up
with this idea of having a nightly
windown drink. One scoop of magnesium
glycinate blah blah blah but the brand
is called LOL and it gives me the
positioning and the voice visual
identity and what the site should look
like. So that's awesome. And then I come
back and I say, "Cool. I want to create
a video that will play in the background
of the hero section and it will just be
on an endless loop. I need the video to
fit the vibe and I want it to have a wow
factor so that when people go to the
website, they're like, "Oh, wow. This
is, you know, professional." There
should not be any text, but it should
also have room where we could insert a
block for the hero text and the subtext.
So, what I'm asking it for is an image
prompt for the background and then a
video prompt to animate that. So, it
spits out an image prompt right here. So
basically the theme, the concept is a
dark ceramic mug with a warm liquid
inside and then just kind of having that
be, you know, steaming in the
background, which would give it a nice
feel and it will fit the vibe of like,
you know, sleepy time tea or whatever
this is supposed to be. So it gives me
the image prompt and I'm going to go
over to key.ai. I'm using Nano Banana 2.
So I drop in the image prompts right
here. I make sure that it's a 16 by9
ratio. And then I get this image, which
as you can see is basically just a mug
with some sort of liquid. This is where
we put the hero text and the subtext,
which is nice. And then it's steaming.
And then I take this image and I go back
into a different tab in Key and I go to
Cance 2.0 and I put that image in as the
first frame and the last frame. And I go
ahead and I grab that prompt down here
for the video prompts in order to
animate the image. The key thing here is
that the camera isn't moving. It's
basically just a still frame or a still
video of this coffee or whatever it is
being animated. So, here's what this
looks like. As you can see, it's just
steaming and it looks really nice. Now,
imagine this is the background of a
website when you've got text over here.
Could look pretty nice. Okay, so now we
have those initial elements. I'm going
to open up Cloud Design and I'm going to
go ahead and do a new prototype. And
we're going to start with a highfidelity
prototype. I'm not going to use a design
system because in this case, we're kind
of starting our own new brand. And maybe
we can build a design system around this
later. But for now, I'm just going to go
ahead and say none. And we're going to
call this LOL website because that's the
name of the brand. So, I'm going to hit
create. And what it's going to do is
it's going to spin up this little
lovable like interface. If we wanted to,
we could start with a sketch over here.
So, we could literally come in here and
say, okay, um, you know, here's going to
be our website. This is where, oh, I
wanted another square.
This is where we're going to have like
the main video. So, it'll be the
background of the hero.
And I could come in here and say like
this is the um hero background video.
And then we want another box over here
which will be like the hero text and
subtext.
Hero text. And then I'll come down here
and just say
hero subtext. We could also probably
want like some sort of navbar up top.
So, this is like, you know, the logo
might be over here.
Oops, that's not how you spell logo. And
then we could also have like, you know,
shop or something like that. And so,
this is just a way for us to sort of
visually get on the same page as Claude.
And then, of course, you can see down
here, it would be looking at the sketch.
So, let's just go ahead and keep this
for now. Obviously, if you have a better
vision, you can put some more time and
attention into this. You could also lay
out the rest of your site down here,
too. Um, and then you can add like notes
and stuff, but for now, let's just leave
it like that. And what I'm going to do
now is I'm going to drag in that actual
MP4 that we got from Cance. You can see
that it's uploading the file and it's
right here. Now, this was an 8second
video. It's not going to let you upload
videos that are like 30 seconds long.
There's a cap and I believe it's around
30 or 40 megabytes. So, just keep that
in mind. I've gotten away with uploading
15-second videos. I tried a 20 second
video and it worked. But, just keep that
in mind. So now what I want to do is
Claude already did all the hard heavy
lifting for us. You know, if I come back
all the way up here, it basically gave
us the brand and all of this stuff with
a visual identity, the different
sections, the footer, and you can see
that it also has like, you know, colors
and stuff. So I'm going to take this.
I'm going to go back into claw design
and I'm just going to paste that in. And
that gets pasted in as like a little bit
of an artifact because it was a long bit
of text. So now I just explain what I
wanted to do. Hey Claw Design, I've
given you a couple things. I've got a
sketch which is just my basically idea
for the hero section. There's going to
be a lot of little sections beneath
which you will be on your own to figure
out what that should look like. I've
given you the sleep background.mpp4.
This is a video that I want you to be
playing on an endless loop in the
background and you should see that the
hero text will be on the left side
compared to that. And then I pasted in
23 lines of text, which is kind of the
brand identity, the feel for the
website, and how you should write the
copy. And just go ahead and write all
the copy for for now. We can make tweaks
later. Okay. So, I'm going to paste that
in and go ahead and shoot that off. If
you guys are curious about how I'm doing
voice to text, check the description for
the tool. Um, I'm using extra usage, by
the way. But, it's going to start to
build this out and if it has any
specific questions for us, it will come
back and it will ask those questions.
But right now, it looks like it's just
going to run. And also keep in mind this
is right now using claude obus 4.7. So
honestly like the planning phase I like
to use obus 4.7. If we wanted to later
make some iterations and we wanted to do
other things we could bump the model
down. But keep in mind this is going to
use opus 4.7 which is the most expensive
model that is publicly available to us
right now. But I love how we still have
the feel of of claude over here because
it's telling us what it's thinking. We
can see what it's doing. It makes a
to-do list. So it's very easy for us to
just check in on how how it's going and
where we are. It's creating a design
system here. So, we've got kind of a
color palette. We've got text right
here. And it's honestly best practice,
especially when you're getting used to
Cloud Design, to just watch what it's
doing. And go ahead and stop it if it's
going down the wrong path. Because if
it's going down the wrong path, it's
going to build stuff and that's going to
use a lot of your session limit. So, you
might as well stop it and kind of
refresh or recorrect it before it wastes
all that time. Now, while this is
running, I want to show you guys the way
that I was able to get some other
inspiration. There's this really cool
site called motions.ai. And shout out to
my guy Aiden. He showed me the site and
I was like, "This is awesome." So the
way this works is you can basically look
at backgrounds and you can look at
actual other sites for inspiration. So
what you'll notice here, if you guys
remember my version of AI Automation
Society, so this website where we have
this kind of scene in the background and
as we scroll through, we have these
visual cards. It's like a journey for
the POV of the actual end user. I was
inspired by this one. So if I open this
up, you can see this is a scroll
journey. It's got these 3D dynamic
elements in the cards and I was able to
literally just copy this prompt and I
gave this to Cloud Design and I said,
"Hey, this is a cool concept. I want you
to replace the background image with or
sorry, not the background image. I want
you to replace the background video with
this background video." And I dropped in
mine and I said, "I want you to update
all of the copy and the brand colors and
feel to my brand." And then I gave it in
like a design system. So that's
basically all I had to do to turn my
Amation Society into this. And there's
so many other ones. Most of these are
free. I am on the paid plan, which is
literally just 99 bucks for for life.
So, that's pretty cool. But some of
these are going to be premium, some of
these are going to be free, but like I
said, you basically just find the ones
you like, find the ones that fit your
brand, hit copy, give that to Claw
Design, and it will recreate it. And
then you're able to just tweak from
there. And then if I go to backgrounds,
you can see that there's just a bunch of
backgrounds that we can look at. So, for
some reason, it's not registering that
I'm a premium member. Um, but either
way, let's say we really like this
background. I could copy this. If I open
up a new tab and paste that in, it
basically just gives me that animation
which I could obviously go ahead and
download and then display behind the
text on my website, behind the different
sections on my website. Considering that
most of the stuff here is free, head
over to motion sites and just play
around. It's going to give you some
inspiration and there's a lot of cool
elements in here that you can work in.
So, also like if you guys remember my
Nate Herk one, I'm sitting here on a
floating island and I'm working on who
knows what and I was inspired by some of
these. You know, this one was kind of an
abyss. This one was someone working. So,
I'm not necessarily recommending you
just copy these elements and put it on
your site. You certainly can, but this
is just a good way to sort of get a
little creative and get some
inspiration. Okay, but we are back in
Claw Design now. And what we have is we
have our first iteration, which I mean
this looks awesome. Like this text LOL,
this text right here. This all feels
very on brand. We can see here that as
we scroll down, the image is a little
bit dynamic or sorry, not the image. I
keep saying image. The video is a little
bit dynamic. I think this all looks I
mean just amazing. It feels very on
brand. We keep going down and we can see
we get some background. We get some
context as far as like what the product
the the problem that it solves. And this
is incredible. Just once again, all of
this was generated by Claude. The idea,
the design, the prompts, not the actual
images and videos, but the prompts. And
I I love this. Now, what's really cool
about this and a great way to save
tokens is that you can just iterate
right here. You know, if you put this
prompt into Cloud Code, you would maybe
get something that visually looks like
this. But in order to go back and forth
and make tweaks, you would have to like
take some awkward screenshots or you
would have to be very specific. But
right here, what we can do is we can add
comments. I could basically just click
on something and we can change how it
works. So, for example, the how it works
button. Let's say I wanted to make this
a different color. Maybe like the gold
color. Go ahead and make this button the
color of the comma in the hero text.
Make it a gold accent. And so now I can
just say, "Hey, send this to Claude."
and it gets the exact comment about the
exact element that I was referring to.
So, it's not going to get confused. We
can also do edits straight in line. So,
if I came here and I was like, okay, I
don't want this M dash that looks very
AI. I could just delete it and then I
could just close that out and it's going
to make that change for us because I was
just able to edit it right there. So, I
can change the text. I could even, you
guys noticed, change the size. So, if I
wanted this all to be a little bit
smaller, I could just come into here and
I could just go, okay, make that 15 or
make that 10. And it's going to change
it right in real time. And then Claude
just makes the change for us. You can
also draw. So like right here, let's say
I don't love the way that the video just
kind of ends so abruptly. I can just
kind of make a circle around this. And
then I can type and just say I don't
like how this ends so abruptly.
Add a transition
overlay or gradient so it feels
smoother. And I shoot that off by
hitting send. Now, when I do the drawing
thing, the little comments get stuck
down there. So, sometimes it's hard to
see. That's just kind of a UI bug. Once
again, this is in research preview, so
little kinks will get ironed out. But
that's a really nice feature to be able
to just draw. Okay. So, you can see that
that button changed colors. I like that.
Everything else that we have changed has
been changed. And it hopefully, you can
see it added a little line here. So,
that's not exactly what I wanted. I
would iterate a little bit. I was kind
of hoping for sort of like a gradient
transition, but either way, at least it
knew exactly what I was referring to.
Okay, so anyways, at this point, we
would read through all the copy and we
would iterate. And like I said, I think
that this looks pretty solid. But now,
if you are not someone who's creative,
you might be like, "Okay, what do I even
add?" If you are someone who's creative,
you're probably going to have a lot of
features that you want to add. And at
that point, you'll iterate, make some
changes, make some prompts. But let's
say you just want to know what else is
possible, and you want to see what
Claude can come up with. Watch this. You
come into here. this is a really great
iteration one. I want to see what else
is possible. I want to see how this
website could be improved. So, just add
a bunch of things that I can tweak and
put those on there for me. Different
colors, different sliders, different
panels, and just give me a bunch of
things to play with. And this is one of
the biggest benefits and things that I
love about Claw Design, even compared to
other, you know, website builders, is
that we have this tweaks panel right
here. Right now, we have none, but it's
going to add a bunch of tweaks that we
can just play with in real time. And
that way we're able to see, okay, I love
this, don't like this so much. And it
has helped me feel a lot more creative
in times when I'm kind of sitting there
lacking inspiration. Real quick, guys, I
know we're going to be going over a lot
of information today. So, I'm going to
throw in everything that we're talking
about here, all of the different things
to keep in mind into a free resource
guide that you can access for completely
free by joining my free school
community. As you can see, join the free
community. This will take you to a
automation society. You will go into the
classroom and inside of all YouTube
resources, you will be able to find
everything, the document that I'm
referring to. And I'm also going to
include basically the zip file of this
website if you guys want to extract it
and understand how it works and how the
scrolling animations work. You can dive
into it and you can let Cloud Code or
Cloud Design dive into it. But it's
really quite simple. Like I said, I
basically just said, "Hey, here's the
video, but instead of just playing it, I
want you to only associate each frame
with like a scroll position so that as I
scroll down or up, the video goes
forward or reverses." So anyways, let's
get back to the video. Okay, so our
tweaks are here. And you can see on this
right hand side, we have a ton of things
that we could play with, which is just
going to be so cool. So, let's start up
at the top. We have a palette. So, this
was the default. We could also go to
more of a blue or more of a brown and
more of a green or whatever these is. I
I'm sure you guys can't tell a ton, but
the colors here are changing. Now, you
can see more. The background is
changing. We can get sort of like a
green. We can get more of a brown. We
have more of a light mode here. So, this
would let you play around with what you
think fits the brand the best. And
obviously, I don't like this because the
hero looks weird. So, we could tweak
that. I kind of like the brown. But
anyways, what else? We have the accent
hue. So, we can change this. You see how
the hue was kind of like a gold? We can
change this to see what other colors
might look good with our main color
scheme. For now, I really like the
default, which was kind of over here,
more of like a golden bronze. So, we'll
keep it there. We have the text as well.
So, I could switch this around, or
sorry, not the text, the font. And I
could play with different fonts to see
what I actually like. And we can see
where else it changes. So, it looks like
this is changing kind of the primary
font everywhere. This is kind of more of
a secondary, but this is changing the
main text everywhere. We could also see
the headline slider. So, this can make
it bigger or smaller. We can play around
with the way that it wraps and
everything. So, that's nice. The
headline could be right and all
uppercase. It could be lowercase, which
actually I like. I'm going to keep it
all lowercase. And then we can change
the actual text right here. Of course,
the hero layout we could play around
with. Obviously, I don't want it
centered. We want it left aligned
because we made the video that way. So,
we're going to keep that. But hopefully,
you guys are starting to understand what
I'm talking about now. We have sort of
like this overlay we can play around
with. We have the video dim that we can
play around with. I'm sure you guys
unfortunately you can't really see. I
wish that they could move like I wish
you could drag this tweak slider
anywhere, but I'm sure that'll come. We
have something called section rhythm,
which I probably have to scroll down to
see what that is. Okay, so this is
basically just like the gaps between the
sections. So, we could make that smaller
or larger. We have the ritual card
style. I'm not sure where the rituals
are. Here they are. So, flat, bordered,
or big numerals. I think I like the big
numerals. So, yeah, I'm sure you guys
get the point by now. We're able to just
play around with the tweaks. And of
course, we could just hit reset, which
would reset everything. So, there's
really nothing to lose here. Actually
making tweaks and then saving those
changes is going to save you more time
and also more of your session limit than
if you're just having a conversation
back and forth with Claude. Because we
all know how that can go if you just
shoot off prompt after prompt after
prompt after prompt. Because also think
about the fact that if you were doing
this in Cloud Code and you had all these
tweaks that you wanted to play with,
this is basically like, hey, I wonder
what it would look like if the
background was blue. And then you would
have to go submit the prompt. cloud code
would change the background. It would
put it on a local host and then you'd
look at it and be like, I actually don't
like that. So then you would have to
like revert back to the old version. And
so that could potentially be two
prompts. Whereas here, we can see so
much stuff and test it out in a way that
doesn't actually make us send more
prompts and send more prompts. Now, one
thing I noticed is I don't think there's
like a revert button in lovable. You can
just like revert back to previous
prompts, which is nice. I don't see that
here. But once again, this ability to do
tweaks saves us from having to do a lot
of reverts because we can say, "hm, I
wonder what it might look like if the
font was changed, or I wonder what it
might look like if the spacing between
sections was smaller." And then if you
don't like it, it's as simple as just
not doing it. So once you're good with
the tweaks, you just turn that off. If
you made any changes, it would just go
ahead and start making those changes for
you. And now what's awesome is you have
this project set up. Whether you're
doing this in cloud design or in cloud
code, you can keep iterating because you
understand the idea of how do you get a
dynamic element like this or how do you
do one of those scroll things where you
just tell it that as you're scrolling
you want it to, you know, play the
frames backwards or forwards. So let's
say we have this that we love and maybe
down here we want to have like maybe a
video of someone sleeping. That would be
really creepy. But but now if you
basically just break the website into
sections. So hero section. Okay, cool.
Section one. What can we do to section
one to make this cool? Maybe we just add
like a dynamic background where there's
like shooting stars or something like
that. And then section three, maybe we
have like a little dynamic video of
someone stirring coffee, you know? We
can just kind of keep taking it section
by section and that way it's not so
overwhelming of, oh my gosh, I have to
build a whole website. Just take it
section by section and just use these
principles. use Claude to help you think
of okay for section two help me figure
out like right here where what type of
video should I have or what type of
elements should I have and then okay
cool make me the prompts and then I'll
go into key and I'll make the the images
I'll make the videos and then I'll bring
them back into claude and you'll just
keep iterating and I think you'll find
that it's really really fun you have the
fundamentals you understand how the tool
works and now you keep going but now
you're at the point where let's say
you're good with this website you know
you could also click on present you
could open it up you could make sure
feels good. You can make sure the
buttons are linking to the right spots.
And then what do you do next? Well, what
we want to do is we want to get this
into cloud code so we can push it into a
GitHub repository and so that we can
push that GitHub repository to Verscell.
So, if that makes no sense to you at
all, I'm going to explain it all. So,
don't worry. What we're going to do
first is we're going to click on share
and we're just going to go ahead and
download this project as a zip file or a
zip folder. So, I'm going to download as
zip. You could also just hit hand off to
cloud code which would give you a
command. You would copy this, give it to
Cloud Code, and then it would be able to
pull everything in. Today, this morning,
I've been having issues with this
command. It's been getting a 404 error.
So, it's worked in the past. This will
probably work by the time you see this
video, but that's also an option. But
the other option is you just grab the
zip file. All right. So, here is that
zip file. I'm going to go ahead and
extract all. And I actually want to
place this into a folder. So, I've
already created a folder on my desktop,
and it is called LOL website. So I'm
going to click into the LOL website and
I'm going to select that folder to
extract it into. It kind of sounded like
I was saying LOL website as if website
was a wrapper like LOL website but now
we have LOL website and this is the
folder that we want to open up inside of
Cloud Code. So here I am. I'm using it
in the VS Code IDE and I'm going to go
ahead and open up that project. Okay, so
now that we are in here, we're going to
open up Cloud Code and we're going to
get started. You can see basically over
here what we have is we have the
background video, we have scraps which
was our sketch and we have the uploads
and we have the HTML. So this is
basically our full project from claude
design but now it's inside of cloud code
and I'm literally just going to say hey
this is a website project for our brand
called LOL. All I want you to do is push
this to a GitHub repository. Push it to
a private repository and call it
whatever you want. And because I've
already used GitHub with my cloud code,
it's going to be able to just push it
and it's going to be able to create that
repo. But if you've never done this
before, all you want to do is go to
github.com. It's free to create an
account. You're going to log in and then
basically you just need to connect this
to your Cloud Code. So if you ask Cloud
Code to connect it, it'll say, "Sure,
just let me pull up the authorization
page. You'll have to sign in." And now
Cloud Code can talk to your GitHub, push
changes, create repositories, things
like that. And then the second piece of
this is you're going to need to create
an account at Verscell. So Verscell is
basically just a place for you to host
and deploy your web apps and your
websites. So it should look like this.
And when you sign up for Versell, you
can sign up with your GitHub account,
which makes it super easy because then
you can just sync a GitHub repo to
Verscell. Because if you think about it,
when you have a GitHub repository, all
this is basically is is its folders and
its files and its code and GitHub stores
them. So what you need to do is you need
to get that code somewhere on the web.
And that's what Versell does. And there
you go. Super easy. I didn't have to do
anything. It says your website is now a
GitHub repo. I can follow this link to
open it up. And this is the actual
repository that we just pulled in from
Cloud Design. Now, honestly, before we
push this, we probably should have made
sure that it worked. So, make sure that
the website actually works as expected
and open it up in a local host for me to
view. Now, I'm actually glad that I had
to do this because you you'll notice I
said local host. So, what does that
mean? Local host is just a local host
that will basically display our website.
And so if this comes back with something
like localhost 3000, if you tried to
give someone that URL, it wouldn't open
up for them. It would open up whatever
they have running on their own localhost
3000, which could be nothing. I actually
saw some funny tweets where it was like
a a beginner getting into cloud code
saying, "Look at this awesome web app I
built." And they sent out the local host
URL. And everyone was um obviously they
couldn't open it. So here is the local
host. It opened up our website. You can
see we have the video playing. We have
all of the text coming in dynamically.
So everything is basically being
transferred over from cloud design over
to cloud code seamlessly. No issues. And
now that this is actually a GitHub repo,
let's connect this to Verscell to put it
on the web so that I could actually give
you a URL and you could view my website.
So back in Verscell, you guys are going
to be shocked at how easy this is. You
click on add new. You click on add new
project. And then right here, because
I'm signed in with my GitHub repo or my
GitHub account, I basically just click
on this website and I say import. It's
looking through my projects. It's going
to pull in this project. And then I
basically just say deploy. This will
take maybe 60 seconds. And then it'll
give us an actual URL for our website.
Now, the cool part about this is if you
ever make changes to your site, you
basically now have a practice
environment and a real environment. So
if I'm on my local host here, you know,
and I'm working inside of claude code
and I'm doing things, basically what
happens is I can make changes and I can
iterate, but only I will see these
changes. So if I wanted to change the
copy or if I wanted to change the
background video, but then once we're
good with those changes, I come back
into here and I say, "Hey, cloud code,
push all of these changes to GitHub."
And then when the changes come to GitHub
and they come over here, forcel
automatically grabs that and deploys it
to the live site. So you have a very
clean separation between what you're
practicing with and changes that you
might want to make and then saying,
"Hey, cool. We love this. Push that
public and then Verscell will grab it
and then it will be live in like 30
seconds later." So anyways,
congratulations. You just deployed a new
project on Versell. I'm going to go
ahead and click on continue to the
dashboard. And now we have an actual
domain. So this is a you know
lol-eite.cell.app.
And if I open this up, aha. Okay. So
when I open this up, it says 404 not
found. So what do we do here? You go
back into cloud code and you say so I
just pushed that to GitHub and then I
synced that to Verscell to host it on
the web and when I opened it up it gave
me this error message. What does this
mean? How do I fix this? Do you need any
more info from me in order to actually
help me fix this? It was able to find
the cause right away forcell serves this
from the root of your repo by default
but the repo has a different path
instead. So that's why it can't find
anything. So the fix is it needs to
rename LOL website to index.html. And
then look, it pushed those changes to
GitHub. So if I now go to the GitHub
repo, which was this one, and I give
this a refresh, we should see here that
we have two commits, which means that
we've made two different pushes. So
we've made a change. And then what
happens if I go back to Verscell? So
back here, you can already see the
website is now rendering properly. And
if I also click on deployments, we can
see once again that we have a change
that was made 1 minute ago, which was
renaming to index.html. So now I could
click on this domain and I can see that
we actually have our real site just the
way that we saw it on our local host and
everything should be coming through
properly because we've made that fix.
Now one other quick thing I wanted to
talk about when it comes to actually
deploying your site is that you built
this to be optimized for a laptop or for
a you know a computer. So if you come
into your site on the local host before
you deploy it and you hit F12 or you
just open up your developer console, you
can click this button right here to
switch to mobile view. So this is
actually what we'd be seeing if I open
up the site on mobile, which obviously
is not good. So you would need to go
back and iterate a little bit and tell
cloud code to optimize this for mobile.
Maybe we want the image to be or I keep
saying image. Maybe we want the video to
be kind of down here instead. Or maybe
we just want the font to be displayed in
one line and then have more stuff down
here. So that is something to think
about. you need to be thinking about how
will this actually look if I'm on a
mobile device compared to if I am on my
computer or even like a tablet and stuff
like that. So the point being cla and
cloud code don't automatically optimize
for mobile but if you tell it you need
to optimize for mobile it will certainly
help you figure out the way to
restructure it and you can do all that
without having it actually impact the
way that it appears on the web on your
computer version. So just something else
I wanted to make sure you guys were
aware of. And you can see right here
that we're using aversel.appd domain. So
if you wanted to change this, you would
just have to bring in your own custom
domain. It takes maybe five minutes and
you can just talk to Claude to figure
out how to do that. It's super simple.
But let's hop into some of this other
stuff now and dive a little bit deeper
into how to get the most out of Cloud
Design. So Cloud Design is its own
product. It it kind of feels like what
they did with Cloud Co-work, how they
basically packaged up different
workflows and different functionality
into something that's a little bit more
accessible. You know, cuz everything
that cloud design does, you could easily
do in cloud code, but not everyone wants
to, and they're keeping all of this in
the same environment. It's built on top
of Claude Opus 4.7, which has much more
advanced vision capabilities than the
previous models did. But of course, the
Opus 4.7 model does come at a bit of a
cost, so keep that in mind. You can
build prototypes, you can build slides,
you can build landing pages, animated
promos, so much stuff with design.
Obviously, today we mainly looked at
websites, but there's a lot you can do.
And in order to use it, you have to be
on a paid plan. You cannot be on a free
plan. So let's talk about the 2meter
system. First of all, Cloud Design has
its own weekly quota. So if I go back
into my usage, you can see you have a
current session for your plan. You have
all models, you have sonnet only, and
you have your own claw design usage. And
this is what I blew through pretty
quick. And so what do the burn rates
look like? People have been complaining
that they're getting their session eaten
up really quick. So, if you're on 20
bucks a month after one big website and
one big design system, you might already
be almost done. If you're on the max
five times plan, then you're going to
have, you know, maybe four to five
series prompts and you might be able to,
you know, hit the limit pretty quick.
And then if you're on the 20x plan,
which I'm on, I was able to build
probably a few different video projects
and a few different websites and then I
started to get really close to the end
of my limit. So, what actually drains
your limits the fastest? Well, there are
a few things. First of all, if you do
every single thing with 4.7, then you're
obviously going to be eating more tokens
than if you were on Sonnet or even Haiku
for some very minor changes. I
personally haven't done this myself.
I've haven't really jumped into the
wireframes. I always just started with a
um high fidelity, but I have seen some
people on X talking about that if you do
the wireframe first, you're able to
basically convert it better to high
fidelity with less iteration. And
obviously that makes sense. I mean, if
you're in cloud code, I always talk
about how the planning phase is so
important. So get clear on your idea.
Give as much context up front as far as
like a sketch and you know maybe like
that clawed spec that we saw earlier in
the live example. This information was
able to make it so much easier for claw
design to build what we wanted on the
first try rather than having to iterate
so much cuz that's where you're going to
burn a lot of tokens. Also setting up a
design system without a URL in general
though design systems will eat a lot.
So, if I go back to the um app and I go
into like creating a design system,
which if I went right here, what this
does is it lets you set up a system for
your brand. So, your name, you can put
in a GitHub repo, you can put in other
folders, other files, and other logos
and assets and it will create you
basically a template so that if you ever
want to make anything, videos, slides,
websites, you can create it with that
brand. So, for example, I made one with
AI Automation Society, which is what you
see right here. So every time I use this
design system, it's going to make
everything with that typography, with
those colors, with that background, the
color scheme, all that kind of stuff.
Now, when you create a design system,
once you put in all this information, it
has to ingest it and it has to create
that actual spec. And this can eat a
decent amount of tokens because it's
going to take like 10 to 15 minutes.
Now, what's interesting is if you
actually export this, you can put that
into cloud code and you can get all of
that value already. If you come into
your design system, you can see the type
of information that's in here. You can
iterate on it, but you can actually go
ahead and share this with your team. But
you could also just download this as a
zip and then you could give that zip to
cloud code sort of like we did earlier.
And now you could say, "Hey, this is the
design system for a automation society.
Help me build some other stuff." And you
could do that then in cloud code as
well. It's really nothing new. The whole
concept of having like a design system
or design MD. It's not a new concept.
It's just kind of the way that it's
packaged up here in cloud design makes
it a lot easier. And then of course,
like I showed you guys, the ability to
tweak stuff in the canvas. We talked
about this, right? Being inside of a
project and using tweaks and using, you
know, the comments and the edits, that's
going to be more precise and it's going
to give Claude a better idea of what you
actually want to change. So then it
doesn't go down the wrong path and waste
your time and your session. And then
just think about the fact that you might
get into some really really long
threads. Um, I haven't proven this for a
fact, but just based on the way that
Claude uses tokens, what I found is that
if you are in a project, right, and it's
getting really, really long and you're
still not getting where you want, maybe
you want to export this and then open up
a fresh session and you're kind of not
really starting at square one again.
You're iterating upon something that's
already been built and you're making
some changes, but now you have fresh
context because this is likely all
starting to pollute the context window
and it might be leading to some rot and
it might be leading to tokens becoming
uncashed and then you're basically just
processing them again. So that's
something to keep in mind. Now you could
also come in here and do a /cle and it
says hey cleared we're ready for the
next instruction. So that's something
else to also play around with but I
can't say with certainty that that
actually clears all of this from the
context window. I haven't seen for sure
yet. So, okay. So, best practices to
stretch limits. We kind of already
talked a lot about that. I just showed
you guys the zip export when you're
zipping either your actual project or a
design system. We talked about model by
stage. So, maybe you can use Opus 4.7 at
the beginning to plan a little bit or
when you need some really legit changes,
but switch over to Sonnet 4.6. I was on
Sonnet 4.6 for um a lot of a different
build and it was able to generate the
video and it was able to create the
animations and create the slide decks
and it was working just fine. I think at
the end of the day like Sonet 4.6 6 is
really good and if you are super clear
and super specific about what you want,
then you can probably get a lot of the
way done with Sonnet 4.6. So, it's
definitely worth testing out. And then
some other real quick tips, one visual
dimension per prompt. So, don't try to
throw in a mega prompt with, hey, change
XYZ, ABC, DE, E, F, and G. Now, I know
that some people might disagree with
this because sometimes in cloud code,
you want to send off one big prompt so
that it can create its to-do list and it
can start to iterate. But what I found
here is that when I ask for multiple
different big changes in one prompt, it
only actually does like one or two of
them well and the rest of them just kind
of get disregarded. So, I've found more
success and when I talk about being
efficient with my prompting, I found
more success doing one main big change
per prompt. It's also good to do
negatives. So, tell it what you don't
want. Tell it if you don't want these
fonts or if you don't want these color
schemes. That way, you don't have to
correct it later. You can also reference
real things. So saying something like
linear 2023 with higher density rather
than just saying, "Hey, make this clean
or make this minimalistic." Obviously
pointing and commenting on things and
drawing on things and then asking for
prototypes, flows, demos. And then of
course you can go ahead and export that
entire HTML, you could export it to
Figma, you could export it to Canva, you
could export it to PowerPoint, you can
get it out of there and then make the
tweaks you need to if you don't actually
need to use cloud design for things that
you could do pretty easily and pretty
quickly by hand. So some other things to
keep in mind, file uploads. So, I have
been able to upload MP4s like you guys
have seen. I've been able to edit some
videos, but there is a cap. And I think
it might be 30 megabytes. It might be
40, it might be a little more, but if
you try to go and upload like a 5minute
video, it's probably not going to let
you. There also might have just been a
bug because this is in research preview
and because everyone's using it. But for
the most part, you can upload lots of
different assets. And the more things
that you're able to upload right away,
the more context it's going to have and
the less you're going to have to repeat
yourself and fix things. And then here
are just some other quick limitations to
flag. Not going to read all these off
because I feel like I've hit on a lot of
these already, but take a quick pause if
you want to look at this. And like I
said, that free doc that I drop in the
community will have a lot more of this
kind of stuff as well. All right, so
that is going to do it for today. Now,
what you can do next is watch this video
right up here where I talk about other
website hacks and specifically in cloud
code. Because what might happen is if
you burn through your limit in cloud
design, but you want to keep iterating,
you want to keep building, just do what
I showed you. Export your cloud design
project, get it into cloud code, and now
you can just keep working on cloud code
because you have more usage. And then
just wait till your usage resets on
design and then take it back into
design. So like I said, watch that video
on screen. I'll see you guys over there.
And thanks for watching. Give it a like
if it helped.